PMM-14420 - Enhance PMM HA README with detailed features and installation instructions (#678)
percona/percona-helm-charts: charts/pmm-ha/README.md

In case you want to add extra environment variables (useful for advanced operations like custom init scripts), you can use the `pmmEnv` property.

```yaml
pmmEnv:
  PMM_ENABLE_UPDATES: "0"
  DATA_RETENTION: "2160h" # 90 days
```

### Scaling and Monitoring

#### Scaling PMM HA

To scale the PMM HA deployment:

```sh
# Scale PMM server replicas
helm upgrade pmm-ha --set replicas=5 percona/pmm-ha

# Scale HAProxy replicas
helm upgrade pmm-ha --set haproxy.replicaCount=5 percona/pmm-ha

# Scale ClickHouse replicas
helm upgrade pmm-ha --set clickhouse.cluster.replicas=5 percona/pmm-ha

# Scale VictoriaMetrics components
helm upgrade pmm-ha \
  --set victoria-metrics-cluster.vmselect.replicaCount=3 \
  --set victoria-metrics-cluster.vminsert.replicaCount=3 \
  --set victoria-metrics-cluster.vmstorage.replicaCount=5 \
  percona/pmm-ha
```

#### Monitoring PMM HA Health

Check the health of your PMM HA deployment:

```sh
# Check PMM server pods
kubectl get pods -l app.kubernetes.io/name=pmm-ha

# Check HAProxy pods
kubectl get pods -l app.kubernetes.io/name=haproxy

# Check ClickHouse cluster status
kubectl get pods -l app.kubernetes.io/name=clickhouse

> # Check VictoriaMetrics cluster status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Check VictoriaMetrics cluster pods
```

kubectl get pods -l app.kubernetes.io/name=victoria-metrics-cluster

# Check PMM HA cluster status (requires port-forward to PMM UI)
kubectl port-forward svc/monitoring-service 8443:443

> # Then visit https://localhost:8443 and check the HA status in the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Then visit https://localhost:8443 to log in to PMM
```
